# Attendees
- All

# TA Meeting
- Why we are making every decision.
- Need ADR references for ongoing decisions (e.g., why Fast.io is needed).
- Monday through Sunday will be the first sprint; next week we will discuss progress.
- For every PR, add the TA as a reviewer.

## Questions
- For the TA to see journals, they should be visible from the class directory or team view page.
- No notifications are needed for that.
- What does the TA mean by basic security?
  - HTTP/SQL prevention? Or more in-depth?
    - Basic OAuth is required; the rest is at our discretion.
- From now on, sub-teams…
- CI/CD Pipelines:
  - Nothing specific yet; TA will send basic information.
  - He does not want us doing more work than necessary.

# Questions
- Are we being evaluated on the sub-features?
- What is Pulse meant to measure?
- Do we have to use the word “pulse”?

# General
- What do we want to complete by Sunday?
  - Basic login/logout
  - Basic frontend with a landing page and simple flow
  - CI/CD pipeline
- Set up a general project timeline
  - Work backwards
- Features Discussion
  - Folder system – frontend
  - Emotional sentiment about the team
  - Pulse not yet implemented
  - Evaluation based on completeness
  - Pulse could be repurposed as an attribute at the end of each journal entry
  - Each journal has a number
  - Team sentiment
    - Includes a set of questions
- What is the iteration schedule with the professor/TAs for feedback?
- What is the mechanism for participation evaluation?
  - TAs should have some idea of individual contributions
- For the professor, the Team View will be the main evaluation tool
  - Clicking a user shows a bird’s-eye view of team activity
  - How do we address discarded work that was still integrated?
- Attendance
  - Taken via code generated by teaching staff